---
title: "2023 Results Release of GCE 'N' Level Examination: Media Features of Our
  Jurong Story"
permalink: /our-stories/jss-in-the-spotlight/n-level-exam-2023/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: JSS in the Spotlight
---
<h1>Media Features of "Our Jurong Story"</h1><p>We are truly proud of Leshane and Maya, 2 of our student leaders whose stories have been shared by local media outlets as exemplars of our school vision - Champion of Mind and Leader with Heart!</p><p>In 2023, Leshane captained Singapore's team in the FIBA Under-16 Women’s Asian Championship in Jordan, where they achieved a commendable 6th place. She is also the captain of JSS Basketball Girls Team. In pursuit of her passion and managing demands of her studies, Leshane displayed grit and perseverance which helped her overcome the international competition that coincided with the GCE ‘N’ Level English Oral Examination. A true Champion of Mind, she was able to press on positively and, with the support of her teachers, complete her make-up examination in a show of Industriousness! She sees all these challenges as motivation to improve and strengthen herself.</p><p>Vice-President of the JSS Student Council, Maya, a Leader with Heart, led the school through various community projects including Project Mahalo, which sought to acknowledge and affirm the sacrifices of our frontline SMRT staff during the Covid-19 pandemic. She led the charge to benefit the community with Sincerity and Love. Giving back to the society is a purposeful mission in life to her, inspired by her parents and school.</p><p>We hope their stories will continue to inspire all of us as we chart our own success stories!</p><p>Click on these links for more details:</p><p>⁠<strong>Leshane</strong></p><p>•⁠&nbsp; ⁠Ch8 News/8world &nbsp;(0:16 -1:05)</p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.8world.com/singapore/n-level-results-out-2321746</a></p><p>⁠<strong>Maya</strong></p><p>•⁠&nbsp; ⁠CNA 93.8 Radio (2:13-8:37)</p><p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.channelnewsasia.com/listen/daily-cuts/next-after-n-levels-3998391</a></p>