---
title: School Canteen Advertisement
permalink: /our-links/jss-canteen-advertisement/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h3>School Canteen Advertisement</h3><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Type of Stall</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Closing Date</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Requirements</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Western Food</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>(Halal)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>International Cuisine</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Muslim Cuisine</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>Application Procedure</strong></p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Download and complete the application form. You may also request for a hardcopy from the School’s General Office.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Application Form</p><p></p></li></ul></li><li><p>Attach the following documents together with the application form:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Photocopy of the NRIC (front and back) </p></li><li><p>List of proposed menu and pricing for all items</p></li><li><p>Photocopy of relevant certificates such as Basic Food Hygiene Course, etc</p><p></p></li></ul></li><li><p>Submit the completed application form and documents by closing date via email OR to the School’s General Office. </p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Address: 31 Yuan Ching Road S(618652)</p></li><li><p>Contact No: 62655980</p></li><li><p>Email: <a href="mailto:jurong_ss@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">jurong_ss@moe.edu.sg</a></p></li><li><p>Contact Person: Mdm Pamela Wong</p><p></p></li></ul></li><li><p>How to get there?</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Nearest MRT: Lakeside MRT (NS10 line) – 10 minutes walking distance </p></li><li><p>Bus number:  - 3 minutes walking distance</p></li></ul></li></ol><p><strong>Interested applicants must meet the following criteria:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Singapore citizen or Singapore Permanent Resident (SPR) for stallholder and stall assistant. </p></li><li><p>Able to provide good service and quality food with prices determined in consultation with the school. </p></li><li><p>Able to provide cooked food that meets the health / nutritional standards set by the Health Promotion Board (HPB) under the “Healthy Meals in Schools Programme (HMSP)” guidelines (see link). </p></li><li><p>Able to maintain high standard of food safety and personal hygiene. </p></li><li><p>Healthy and fit to operate the stall. </p><p></p></li></ul><p><strong>Applicants should preferably fulfill the following criteria: </strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Successful applicant and stall assistant(s) must possess the WSQ Basic Food Hygiene Certificate. </p></li><li><p>Possess catering experience or experience operating in a school environment. </p></li><li><p>Successful applicant is required to apply for a food stall license from Singapore Food Agency (SFA). </p></li></ul><p><em>Shortlisted applicants will be notified for an interview and will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committee at the applicant’s own expense.</em></p><h3></h3><hr><h3><strong>Application Procedure</strong></h3><h5>Please submit the following supporting documents to the General Office by 15 June 2023:</h5><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Application form (Application form can be obtained from the General Office of Jurong Secondary School or download here: <a href="" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Canteen Application</a>);</p></li><li><p>One photocopy of NRIC (front and back);</p></li><li><p>Proposed daily menu and price-list; and</p></li><li><p>Photocopy of relevant certificates such as Basic Food Hygiene Course and previous NEA license if any.</p></li><li><p>Submission can be done physically at JSS General Office or email to jurong_ss@moe.edu.sg</p></li></ol><p><strong>Only shortlisted applicants will be notified. They are required to attend an interview and to provide food sampling.</strong></p><hr><h3><strong>Enquiries</strong></h3><p>For enquiries, please contact Mdm Pamela Wong at 62655980.</p><hr><p>Updated 24 May 2023</p>